Main rename code changes (#316)
samvera-labs/bulkrax: README.md

$ rails generate bulkrax:install
```

> If using Sidekiq, setup queues for `import` and `export`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Sidekiq, set up queues for `import` and `export`.
```

Mount the engine in your routes file

```ruby
mount Bulkrax::Engine, at: '/'
```

> If using Sidekiq, setup queues for `import` and `export`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Sidekiq, set up queues for `import` and `export`.
```

Once your the exporter has run, a download icon will apear on the exporters menu page.

## Contributing

> If you're working on PR for this project, create a feature branch off of `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working on a PR for this project, create a feature branch off of `main`.
```
